Objectives=>
1. Design and develop a mobile application for tracking the physical activity of each user. 

2. Develop a framework for providing credits/ points to each suer based on their physical activity assuming each user will engage in different kind of physical activities 
such as walking, running, cycling, calisthenics, functional training, weight training etc. 

3. The proposed application should integrate seamlessly with existing popular mobile applications available in the market 

4. Devise mechanism to provide social recognition and rewards to most physically active users through social media integration 

5. Create an online community of active users participating in different physical activities by adopting different techniques for user engagement and user retention on the 
platform."

Ideas Related of each objective--->
1 --- i)Standard features such as callorie tracking, tracking weigth over a period of time, storing height and using such metrics along with a quiz to predict body type(ectomorph, mesomorph, and endomorph).Also recommending some plans based on that and other common features..
      ii)Incorporating an ML model to determine and correct yoga poses.
      iii)Different already given packages on common goals such as weight loss, belly fat reduction, increasing athletic prowess etc.
      iv)Including mental health as a part of the package by recommending and quiz to determine his or her state.
      v)Sleep tracking for better health.
2 --- i)Atleast two types of credit points will be there based on perks earned by exercising and other things like daily login etc.(More detailing needs to be discussed on how each exercise will be rewarded and how exactly the type credit system will pan out.)
      ii)Making leaderboard.
      iii)Making different levels based on the primary point system.(Like many games which have gold and gems where gold is the primary currency and gems are a little more valuable and so they are the secondary currency, we would also have something like that).
3 --- Seamless collection of data from apps like google fit, healthyfy me etc but keeping all the reward system that our app. If possible even integrating the app with others which track health via smart watches.
4 & Gamification(since related points) --- i)Creating a facebook or insta page and giving shout out to the users who have achieved something like a great increase in the rate of exercise an user is doing etc etc. This type of recognition can also be given in the discussion forum.
                                           ii)Unlocking perks as level ups happen to a user profile.Perks such as point (iii) and others.
                                           iii)Include an option to have a fitness duel with another user.(if possible increasing this duel system into group matches.)
                                           iv)Creating an gladiator avatar and when some one takes up a duel a screen appears where the two avatars clash with their weapon.
                                           v)Being able to utilize the primary currency of the game to customize the avatar.
                                           vi)Unlocking different stickers in the discussion forum as achievements unlock.
                                           vii)Creative names to each level up and different tittles based on other things like duels and chat upvotes from discussion forum.
5 --- i)For the community a discussion forum will be created in discord or reddit and features in the forum will be controlled by a bot.
      ii)More details need to be discussed.
Other IDEAS --- i)Motivational Quotes on openning screen / streak-breaking
                ii)Motivational Wallpapers
                iii)Expectation vs Reality pic using AI (similar to face app but for the whole body)
                iv)ML model to determine and correct yoga poses.      
                v)Options for playing music while meditation and other works.(Media player)
                vi)Option to chat send friend request.
                vi)AI to count push upa and stretches.
                vii)Recommend to click a photo everyday so that at the end of a course we can provide a slide show of their show.               
                
Business Model --- i)Personalized ads.
                   ii)Features like Expectation vs Reality pic, yoga pose detection etc can be monetised.(suppose rupees 10 for the pic.)
                   iii)Donations.
                   iv)A few decorative items for the avatar can be behind the pay wall.
                   
                  

FROM THE LISTED POINTS SOME CAN BE USED IN FUTUTRE PROSPECTS.      
